#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
anyio==3.7.1
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via yfinance
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow-intel
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.12.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   yfinance
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   cpi
    #   dask
    #   distributed
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   tsfresh
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cpi==1.0.19
    # via -r requirements.in
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dask[array,dataframe]==2023.8.1
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   tsfresh
debugpy==1.6.7.post1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed==2023.8.1
    # via tsfresh
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via anyio
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via torch
flatbuffers==23.5.26
    # via tensorflow-intel
fonttools==4.42.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozendict==2.3.8
    # via yfinance
fsspec==2023.6.0
    # via dask
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
google-auth==2.22.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==1.0.0
    # via tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
grpcio==1.57.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
h5py==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
html5lib==1.1
    # via yfinance
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.0.1
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.25.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.0
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.19.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.0
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.24.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow-intel
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
libclang==16.0.6
    # via tensorflow-intel
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via numba
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
lxml==4.9.3
    # via yfinance
markdown==3.4.4
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mplfinance
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
mplfinance==0.12.10b0
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.0.5
    # via distributed
multitasking==0.0.11
    # via yfinance
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.7.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.7
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
notebook==7.0.2
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numba==0.57.1
    # via stumpy
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   dask
    #   h5py
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   stumpy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   tsfresh
    #   yfinance
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorflow-intel
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cpi
    #   dask
    #   mplfinance
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tsfresh
    #   yfinance
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.0
    # via dask
patsy==0.5.3
    # via
    #   statsmodels
    #   tsfresh
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.0.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.10.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.17.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
protobuf==4.24.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow-intel
psutil==5.9.5
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyasn1==0.5.0
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   cpi
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   yfinance
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.11
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   cpi
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
    #   tsfresh
    #   yfinance
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.9.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tsfresh
scipy==1.11.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
    #   stumpy
    #   tsfresh
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   html5lib
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow-intel
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via tsfresh
stumpy==1.12.0
    # via tsfresh
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tblib==2.0.0
    # via distributed
tensorboard==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-estimator==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
tensorflow-intel==2.13.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.31.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
termcolor==2.3.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
torch==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via tsfresh
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
tsfresh==0.20.1
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   async-lru
    #   ipython
    #   tensorflow-intel
    #   torch
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==1.26.16
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   google-auth
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.2
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.3.7
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.41.2
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==4.0.8
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.15.0
    # via tensorflow-intel
yfinance==0.2.28
    # via -r requirements.in
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
